16. Casualty Damage.
 
    16.01 If all or any portion of the Premises becomes untenantable by fire or other casualty to the Premises(collectively a Casualty), Landlord, with reasonable promptness, shall cause a general contractor selected by Landlord to provide Landlord and Tenant with a written estimate of the amount of time required using standard working methods to Substantially Complete (as defined below) the repair and restoration of the Premises and any Common Areas necessary to provide access to the Premises (Completion Estimate).  If the Completion Estimate indicates that the Premises or any Common Areas necessary to provide access to the Premises cannot be made tenantable within 270 days from the date the repair is started, then either party shall have the right to terminate this Lease upon written notice to the other within 10 days after receipt of the Completion Estimate.  Tenant, however, shall not have the right to terminate this Lease if the Casualty was caused by the negligence or intentional misconduct of Tenant or any Tenant Related Parties.  In addition, Landlord, by notice to Tenant within 90 days after the date of the Casualty, shall have the right to terminate this Lease if:  (1) the Premises have been materially damaged and there is less than 2 years of the Term remaining on the date of the Casualty; (2) any Mortgagee requires that the insurance proceeds be applied to the payment of the mortgage debt; or (3) a material uninsured loss to the Building or Premises occurs.
 
    For purposes hereof, Substantially Complete shall mean the date that the repair and restoration of the Premises and any Common Areas necessary to provide access to the Premises has been performed, other than any details of construction, mechanical adjustment or any other similar matter, the non-completion of which does not materially interfere with Tenants use of the Premises.
 
    16.02 If this Lease is not terminated, Landlord shall promptly and diligently, subject to reasonable delaysfor insurance adjustment or other matters beyond Landlords reasonable control, restore the Premises and Common Areas.  Such restoration shall be to substantially the same condition that existed prior to the Casualty, except for modifications required by Law or any other modifications to the Common Areas deemed desirable by Landlord.  Upon notice from Landlord, Tenant shall assign or endorse over to Landlord (or to any party designated by Landlord) all property insurance proceeds payable to Tenant under Tenants Insurance with respect to any Leasehold Improvements performed by or for the benefit of Tenant; provided if the estimated cost to repair such Leasehold Improvements exceeds the amount of insurance proceeds received by Landlord from Tenants insurance carrier, the excess cost of such repairs shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord prior to Landlords commencement of repairs.  Within 15 days of demand, Tenant shall also pay Landlord for any additional excess costs to repair such Leasehold Improvements that are determined during the performance of the repairs.  In no event shall Landlord be required to spend more for the restoration than the proceeds received by Landlord, whether insurance proceeds or proceeds from Tenant.  Landlord shelf not be liable for any inconvenience to Tenant, or injury to Tenants business resulting in any way from the Casualty or the repair thereof.  Provided that Tenant is not in Default, during any period of time that all or a material portion of the Premises is rendered untenantable as a result of a Casualty, the Rent shall abate for the portion of the Premises that is untenantable and not used by Tenant.

    16.03 The provisions of this Lease, including this Section 16, constitute an express agreement betweenLandlord and Tenant with respect to any and all damage to, or destruction of, all or any part of the Premises or the Property, and any Laws, including, without limitation, Sections 1932(2) and 1933(4) of the California Civil Code, with respect to any rights or obligations concerning damage or destruction in the absence of an express agreement between the parties, and any similar or successor Laws now or hereinafter in effect, shall have no application to this Lease or any damage or destruction to all or any part of the Premises or the Property.