5. Compliance with Laws; Use.
 
    The Premises shall be used for the Permitted Use and for no other use whatsoever.  Tenant shall comply with all statutes, codes, ordinances, orders, rules and regulations of any municipal or governmental entity whether in effect now or later, including the Americans with Disabilities Act (Law(s)), regarding the operation of Tenants business and the use, condition, configuration and occupancy of the Premises.  In addition, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly comply with any Laws that relate to the Base Building (defined below), but only to the extent such obligations are triggered by Tenants use of the Premises, other than for general office use, or Alterations or improvements in the Premises performed or requested by Tenant.  Base Building shall include the structural portions of the Building, the public restrooms and the Building mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems and equipment located in the internal core of the Building on the floor or floors on which the Premises are located.  Except to the extent properly included in Expenses, Landlord shall be responsible for the cost of correcting any violations of Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) with respect to the Common Areas of the Building.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right to contest any alleged violation in good faith, including, without limitation, the right to apply for and obtain a waiver or deferment of compliance, the right to assert any and all defenses allowed by Law and the right to appeal any decisions, judgments or rulings to the fullest extent permitted by Law.  Landlord, after the exhaustion of any and all rights to appeal or contest, will make all repairs, additions, alterations or improvements necessary to comply with the terms of any final order or judgment.  Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with copies of any notices it receives regarding an alleged violation of Law.  Tenant shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Building attached as Exhibit E and such other reasonable rules and regulations adopted by Landlord from time to time, including rules and regulations for the performance of Alterations (defined in Section 9).