3. Adjustment of Commencement Date; Possession.
 
    3.01 At Landlords request, Landlord and Tenant shall enter into a commencement letter agreement inthe form attached as Exhibit D.  Tenants failure to execute and return the commencement letter, or to provide written objection to the statements contained in the letter, within 30 days after the date of the letter shall be deemed an approval by Tenant of the statements contained therein.  If the Termination Date does not fall on the last day of a calendar month, Landlord and Tenant may elect to adjust the Termination Date to the last day of the calendar month in which the Termination Date occurs by the mutual execution of a commencement letter agreement setting forth such adjusted date.
 
    3.02 The Premises are accepted by Tenant in as is condition and configuration without anyrepresentations or warranties by Landlord.  By taking possession of the Premises, Tenant agrees that the Premises are in good order and satisfactory condition.  Landlord shall not be liable for a failure to deliver possession of the Premises or any other space due to the holdover or unlawful possession of such space by another party, however Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to obtain possession of the space.  The commencement date for the space, in such event, shall be postponed until the date Landlord delivers possession of the Premises to Tenant free from occupancy by any party.  If Tenant takes possession of the Premises before the Commencement Date, such possession shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease and Tenant shall pay Rent (defined in Section 4.01) to Landlord for each day of possession before the Commencement Date.  However, except for the cost of services requested by Tenant (e.g. freight elevator usage), Tenant shall not be required to pay Rent for any days of possession before the Commencement Date during which Tenant, with the approval of Landlord, is in possession of the Premises for the sole purpose of performing improvements or installing furniture, equipment or other personal property.