26. Miscellaneous.
 
    26.01 This Lease shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the state orcommonwealth in which the Building is located and Landlord and Tenant hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction and proper venue of such state or commonwealth.  If any term or provision of this Lease shall to any extent be void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected.  If there is more than one Tenant or if Tenant is comprised of more than one party or entity, the obligations imposed upon Tenant shall be joint and several obligations of all the parties and entities, and requests or demands from any one person or entity comprising Tenant shall be deemed to have been made by all such persons or entities. Notices to any one person or entity shall be deemed to have been given to all persons and entities.  Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that each individual executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so on behalf of Tenant and that Tenant is not, and the entities or individuals constituting Tenant or which may own or control Tenant or which may be owned or controlled by Tenant are not, (i) in violation of any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, or (ii) among the individuals or entities identified on any list compiled pursuant to Executive Order 13224 for the purpose of identifying suspected terrorists or on the most current list published by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control at its official website, http://www.treas.goviofackilsdn.pdf or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list.
 
    26.02 If either party institutes a suit against the other for violation of or to enforce any covenant, term orcondition of this Lease, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reimbursement of all of its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees. Landlord and Tenant hereby waive any right to trial by jury in any proceeding based upon a breach of this Lease. No failure by either party to declare a default immediately upon its occurrence, nor any delay by either party in taking action for a default, nor Landlords acceptance of Rent with knowledge of a default by Tenant, shall constitute a waiver of the default, nor shall it constitute an estoppel.
 
    26.03 Whenever a period of time is prescribed for the taking of an action by Landlord or Tenant (other thanthe payment of the Security Deposit or Rent), the period of time for the performance of such action shall be extended by the number of days that the performance is actually delayed due to strikes, acts of God, shortages of labor or materials, war, terrorist acts, civil disturbances and other causes beyond the reasonable control of the performing party (Force Majeure).
 
    26.04 Landlord shall have the right to transfer and assign, in whole or in part, all of its rights andobligations under this Lease and in the Building and Property.  Upon transfer Landlord shall be released from any further obligations hereunder and Tenant agrees to look solely to the successor in interest of Landlord for the performance of such obligations, provided that, any successor pursuant to a voluntary, third party transfer (but not as part of an involuntary transfer resulting from a foreclosure or deed in lieu thereof) shall have assumed Landlords obligations under this Lease.
 
    26.05 Landlord has delivered a copy of this Lease to Tenant for Tenants review only and the delivery of itdoes not constitute an offer to Tenant or an option. Tenant represents that it has dealt directly with and only with the Broker as a broker in connection with this Lease.  Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord and the Landlord Related Parties harmless from all claims of any other brokers claiming to have represented Tenant in connection with this Lease.  Landlord shall indemnify and hold Tenant and the Tenant Related Parties harmless from all claims of any brokers claiming to have represented Landlord in connection with this Lease. Equity Office Properties Management Corp. (EOPMC) is an affiliate of Landlord and represents only the Landlord in this transaction.  Any assistance rendered by any agent or employee of EOPMC in connection with this Lease or any subsequent amendment or modification hereto has been or will be made as an accommodation to Tenant solely in furtherance of consummating the transaction on behalf of Landlord, and not as agent for Tenant.
 
    26.06 Time is of the essence with respect to Tenants exercise of any expansion, renewal or extensionrights granted to Tenant.  The expiration of the Term, whether by lapse of time, termination or otherwise, shall not relieve either party of any obligations which accrued prior to or which may continue to accrue after the expiration or termination of this Lease.
 
    26.07 Tenant may peacefully have, hold and enjoy the Premises, subject to the terms of this Lease,provided Tenant pays the Rent and fully performs all of its covenants and agreements.  This covenant shall be binding upon Landlord and its successors only during its or their respective periods of ownership of the Building.
 
    26.08 This Lease does not grant any rights to light or air aver or about the Building. Landlord excepts andreserves exclusively to itself any and all rights not specifically granted to Tenant under this Lease.  This Lease constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings related to the Premises, including all lease proposals, letters of intent and other documents.  Neither party is relying upon any warranty, statement or representation not contained in this Lease.  This Lease may be modified only by a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of Landlord and Tenant.