9. Repairs and Alterations.
 
    9.01 Tenant shall periodically inspect the Premises to identify any conditions that are dangerous or inneed of maintenance or repair.  Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with notice of any such conditions. Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, perform all maintenance and repairs to the Premises that are not Landlords express responsibility under this Lease, and keep the Premises in good condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted.  Tenants repair and maintenance obligations include, without limitation, repairs to: (a) floor covering; (b) interior partitions; (c) doors; (d) the interior side of demising walls; (e) electronic, fiber, phone and data cabling and related equipment that is installed by or for the exclusive benefit of Tenant (collectively, Cable); (f) supplemental air conditioning units, kitchens, including hot water heaters, plumbing, and similar facilities exclusively serving Tenant; and (g) Alterations.  Subject to the terms of Section 15 below, to the extent Landlord is not reimbursed by insurance proceeds, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of repairing damage to the Building caused by the acts of Tenant, Tenant Related Parties and their respective contractors and vendors.  If Tenant fails to make any repairs to the Premises for more than 15 days after notice from Landlord (although notice shall not be required in an emergency), Landlord may make the repairs, and Tenant shall pay the reasonable cost of the repairs, together with an administrative charge in an amount equal to 10% of the cost of the repairs.
 
    9.02 Landlord shall keep and maintain in good repair and working order and perform maintenance uponthe: (a) structural elements of the Building; (b) mechanical (including HVAC), electrical, plumbing and fire/life safety systems serving the Building in general; (c) Common Areas; (d) roof of the Building; (e) exterior
windows of the Building; and (1) elevators serving the Building. Landlord shall promptly make repairs for which Landlord is responsible.  Tenant hereby waives any and all rights under and benefits of subsection 1 of
Section 1932, and Sections 1941 and 1942 of the California Civil Code, or any similar or successor Laws now or hereinafter in effect.
 
    9.03 Tenant shall not make alterations, repairs, additions or improvements or install any Cable(collectively referred to as Alterations) without first obtaining the written consent of Landlord in each instance, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  However, Landlords consent shall not be required for any Alteration that satisfies all of the following criteria (a Cosmetic Alteration): (a) is of a cosmetic nature such as painting, wallpapering, hanging pictures and installing carpeting; (b) is not visible from the exterior of the Premises or Building; (c) will not affect the Base Building; and (d) does not require work to be performed inside the walls or above the ceiling of the Premises. Cosmetic Alterations shall be subject to all the other provisions of this Section 9.03.  Prior to starting work, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with plans and specifications; names of contractors reasonably acceptable to Landlord (provided that Landlord may designate specific contractors with respect to Base Building); required permits and approvals; evidence of contractors and subcontractors insurance in amounts reasonably required by Landlord and naming Landlord as an additional insured; and any security for performance in amounts reasonably required by Landlord. Changes to the plans and specifications must also be submitted to Landlord for its approval.  Alterations shall be constructed in a good and workmanlike manner using materials of a quality reasonably approved by Landlord.  Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for any sums paid by Landlord for third party examination of Tenants plans for non-Cosmetic Alterations.  In addition, Tenant shall pay Landlord a fee for Landlords oversight and coordination of any non-Cosmetic Alterations equal to 10% of the cost of the non-Cosmetic Alterations.  Upon completion, Tenant shall furnish as-built plans for non-Cosmetic Alterations, completion affidavits and full and final waivers of lien.  Landlords approval of an Alteration shall not be deemed a representation by Landlord that the Alteration complies with Law.