7. Building Services.
 
    7.01 Landlord shall furnish Tenant with the following services: (a) water for use in the Base Buildinglavatories; (b) customary heat and air conditioning in season during Building Service Hours, although Tenant shall have the right to receive HVAC service during hours other than Building Service Hours by paying Landlords then standard charge for additional HVAC service and providing such prior notice as is reasonably specified by Landlord; (c) standard janitorial service on Business Days; (d) elevator service; (e) electricity in accordance with the terms and conditions in Section 7.02; (f) access to the Building and Premises for Tenant and its employees 24 hours per day/7 days per week, subject to the terms of this Lease and such protective services or monitoring systems, if any, as Landlord may reasonably impose, including, without limitation, signin procedures and/or presentation of identification cards; and (g) such other services as Landlord reasonably determines are necessary or appropriate for the Property.
 
    7.02 Electricity used by Tenant in the Premises shall be paid for by Tenant through inclusion in Expenses(except as provided for excess usage).  Without the consent of Landlord, Tenants use of electrical service shall not exceed, either in voltage, rated capacity, use beyond Building Service Hours or overall load, that which Landlord reasonably deems to be standard for the Building.  Landlord shall have the right to measure electrical usage by commonly accepted methods, including the installation of measuring devices such as submeters and check meters.  If it is determined that Tenant is using excess electricity, Tenant shall pay Landlord Additional Rent for the cost of such excess electrical usage and for the cost of purchasing and installing the measuring device(s).
 
    7.03 Landlords failure to furnish, or any interruption, diminishment or termination of services due to theapplication of Laws, the failure of any equipment, the performance of repairs, improvements or alterations, utility interruptions or the occurrence of an event of Force Majeure (defined in Section 26.03) (collectively a Service Failure) shall not render Landlord liable to Tenant, constitute a constructive eviction of Tenant, give rise to an abatement of Rent, nor relieve Tenant from the obligation to fulfill any covenant or agreement. However, if the Premises, or a material portion of the Premises, are made untenantable for a period in excess of 3 consecutive Business Days as a result of a Service Failure that is reasonably within the control of Landlord to correct, than Tenant, as its sole remedy, shall be entitled to receive an abatement of Rent payable hereunder during the period beginning on the 4th consecutive Business Day of the Service Failure and ending on the day the service has been restored.  If the entire Premises have not been rendered untenantable by the Service Failure, the amount of abatement shall be equitably prorated.